OSDOCS-16402: CQA fixes for ROSA HCP Tutorials (part 1) (#113885)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/cloud-experts-using-alb-and-waf-environment-setup.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="cloud-experts-using-alb-and-waf-environment-setup_{context}"]
= Set up your environment

[role="_abstract"]
You can use environment variables to ensure consistency across the commands within this lab.

.Prerequisites

> * You've created a multiple availability zone (AZ) {product-title} cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You have created a multiple availability zone (AZ) {product-title} cluster.
```

To keep it parallel.
